== Sender

http://rubygems.org/gems/mkmfmf

== DESCRIPTION:

Fork of bundled mkmf.rb, should work as drop in replacement.

Modifications: 

* GDB and XCode path compatibility: relative path specified by mkmf 
	(../../../../ext/<target>/...) confuses source-to-debug correspondence.
	The downside to this is that mkmfmf specifies absolute paths, which
	means that the project will have to be recompiled for debugging from an
	alternate location. This can be disabled by adding a use_relative_paths block.

* CURRENTLY NOT WORKING: Sub-directory support for source code: all .c, .m, .cc, .cxx., .cpp files and 
	if the filesystem is case sensitive, all .C files are automatically included,
	and any directories with .h files are added to INCFLAGS. 
	
* Automatically uses CC from ENV if set

== SUMMARY:
	
	Add additional 'mf' to require 'mkmf': 

		require 'mkmfmf'

== INSTALL:

	* sudo gem install mkmfmf

== EXAMPLE:

	see mkmf documentation

== LICENSE:

	(The MIT License)

	Copyright (c) 2010 Asher

	Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
	a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
	'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
	without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
	distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
	permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
	the following conditions:

	The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
	included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

	THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
	EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
	MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
	IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
	CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
	TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
	SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.